And you say he's not worth it?
The prince is really not worth it
Giving medicine to the Supreme Emperor is a matter between Qingke
It's just a pill
The daughter-in-law only needs to take advantage of the prince's not paying attention
Just put this medicine into the mouth of the Supreme Emperor
Is it this pill?
This medicine
What does it do?
How to refine
Responsibility to you
This is the quick-acting savior pill.
It has bezoar in it.
Toad ginseng
Antelope horn
Made of medicinal materials such as pig gallbladder
It allows the heart to recover in a short period of time
It was given to me by the master when he came to the scripture the year before last.
Said to keep his daughter-in-law by his side
That moment.
Take him the way he was given to the Supreme Emperor
boss
Now let's talk about the gift of labor
Is the father
Assassin just recruited
Said to be the victim of King Qi
But after using it
Assassin changes attack
Said that their envoy was the King of Chu himself